document `quarto publish huggingface` (#1050)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/publishing/hugging-face.qmd

![The UI for Hugging Face Spaces creation webpage](./images/hugging-face-create-ui.png)

Finally, choose the hardware that will be used to run your space, whether the space will be public or private, and click on "Create Space":

![The UI for choosing hardware configuration and space visibility](./images/hugging-face-hardware-ui.png)

### Create an authorization token

In order to publish the results to Hugging Face, `quarto publish` needs access to your credentials. 
If you haven't created such an authorization token yet, visit [Hugging Face's documentation on user access tokens](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens#how-to-manage-user-access-tokens) and follow the instructions to create a token with the `write` role.

### Clone the repository locally

The URL for your space, as well as the URL to clone the repository, is `https://huggingface.co/spaces/<your-hugging-face-username>/<name-of-space-you-just-chose>`.

Use your favorite `git` interface to clone the Hugging Face Space you've just created with the URL above.

### Make local edits to your Quarto project

Use Quarto from whichever text editor you prefer to make changes to your repository. 

> Quarto's Hugging Face template includes a Quarto website in the `src/` directory of the repository. For information on how to create websites with Quarto, see [our documentation](https://quarto.org/docs/websites/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarto's Hugging Face template includes a Quarto website in the `src/` directory of the repository. For information on how to create websites with Quarto, see [our documentation](/docs/websites/website-basics.qmd)
```

To follow work done in #1031
